Where do people put it?
I can't laugh
Isn't he very open-minded?
I will think about begging me
How about I launder the money for you?
What if you also grow shrimps?
I'll keep you company
Heaven, heaven, boy
It doesn't matter what I do to you
i thank you
I didn't expect so many years
It took me so long to let you
The conditions of our society
Dare to brag about my daughter
Forgot the key
How about a while?
Open it quickly and let him go
After our video
I just messed with my dad.
But it's hot
Maybe someone like him would bully you?
As they say, it's not too dark
It's me
Don't say that. Just feed it yourself.
I won't be the one who did this just now
I'll give it back to you, won't you watch it at home? Go and thank you.
We have no business of our own
Could I have come home with us early?